Roma people in many parts of the world
are subject to prejudice and discrimination.
But in the summer of 2017,
they—for the first time ever—
experienced a regional convention
in their own language.
Delegates from 12 different countries
came to Macedonia to attend the convention.
The program was presented
in the Romany languages
spoken in Macedonia, Bulgaria, and Serbia.
Since 2007, Bible literature
has been translated into Romany in Macedonia.
And the release of the book
Lessons You Can Learn From the Bible
brought great joy to both the many children
and their parents.
This convention was truly a witness
that Jehovah is the God of impartial love.
I never thought that we would have
a convention in Romany.
It enters directly into your heart
when you hear it in your own language.
We could hardly wait
for this Romany convention
and especially the songs
that touched our hearts.
In the world,
not all kinds of people are loved,
but for Jehovah, they are all significant.
And I am happy that I am serving
a God who is so impartial
and to whom all nations are the same.